# .NET Membership Committee Meeting

### 04 January 2023, 3PM ET / 7PM GMT
### Meeting Attendees

* Jessica White, *Chair*
* Aneesh Ambikavally
* Ove Bastiansen
* Nicole Miller
* Madison Hardy, Scribe

### Updates on previous meetings actions

* Jessica to merge [Membership Committee Charter](https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/wg-membership/pull/89/files) ✓

* Jessica to clear up GitHub Teams for Committee ✓

### Discussion points

* 2023 Goals
    * The committee discussed goals and how to improve membership for the DNF community. They discussed organizing member benefits and stating a clear value offering, building a package that entices people. Jessica suggested CV/resume support or speaker support, and Nicole noted that she hopes to see partnership amongst the DNF committees to accomplish some of these overlapping initiatives.

* [Nomination Committee](https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/wg-membership/issues/81)
    * The committee reviewed the proposed changes to the Nomination Committee; there was no opposition. The proposal remains under review.

* [Membership Committee Charter](https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/wg-membership/pull/89/files)
    * Jessica provided an update: the charter was published, and the member audit was completed.

* VMX Portal
    * The Executive Committee is re-reviewing the proposal from VMX and determining a cost/benefit. As the tool was introduced under different leadership, the EC wants to be sure the portal meets the current needs of the Foundation.

* December Board Meeting
    * Jessica gave a brief recap from the December Board Meeting. The LastPass breach was discussed, and the Foundation is reviewing the costs for itself and member projects to move to a new service. A project was approved to join the Foundation. The Board is prioritizing sponsorship efforts as revenue has decreased after discontinuing membership dues. The Marketing Committee asked for content for the new website, and Margot Rodger was announced as the DNF Account Manager.

* [DNF Summit](https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/wg-outreach/discussions/73#discussion-4525129)
    * Nicole reported that the presenters for the summit met to review the run of show. She continues to work on the backend code with Aneesh and will coordinate with marketing to promote the event in the coming weeks. 

### Upcoming Meetups Events

* DNF Summit

### The meeting adjourned at 3:39PM ET
