# .NET Membership Committee Meeting

### Wednesday, 18 January 2023, 3PM ET 

### Meeting Attendees

* Jessica White, *Chair*
* Ove Bastiansen
* Nicole Miller
* Madison Hardy, Scribe

### Updates on previous meetings actions

## Agenda

* 2023 Goals
    * The committee continued their discussion on goals and benefits of membership. Nicole presented the following pillars that can be used to develop specific initiatives.
        * As a Member, you want more connections and to help develop and foster a healthy community. Opportunities include contributing to member projects, speaking to world-wide user groups and establishing their place in the community.
        * As a Project, you want less out of pocket costs and more collaboration opportunities within the community. As a Maintainer of a project, you can be connected with others that also want to contribute to the health of the community.
        * As a Sponsor, you want to deepen the connections you have within the community by investing funds back into the growth of sustainability and continuation of a project that they may depend on for their core business. By funding the conservatorship of the projects that the community was built on they are aiding sustainability.
    * The committee expressed concerns about how to drive member benefits without a forum to focus the efforts. Without the membership portal, the DNF community is widespread across different social platforms and it is difficult to reach everyone. Jessica noted that hopefully the committee's new mission statement will start the needed momentum.

* VMX Portal
    * There is no substantial update regarding the membership portal. The committee reinforced the need to focus attention on one forum, and if approved, VMX should fill the gap.

* [DNF Summit](https://www.dnfsummit.org/)
    * The DNF Summit was successfully held on January 17, 2023. Initial feedback is quite positive, and the session is available to watch on the [DNF Youtube page](https://www.youtube.com/embed/LHCi6i3P0xA).
    * The committee discussed the option to restrict content for DNF members, providing an incentive to join the Foundation to access the presentations. Though it is unlikely the event will ever be privatized, an important to ensure only members and member projects are allowed to participate as presenters.

* Membership - General
    * The committee discussed who is responsible for managing membership applications. Jessica has been managing adding members to the committee / committee meeting, but was unsure who was approving membership applications as Bill Wagner did this as the previous chair, but did not train or pass the ownership to Jessica.
        * **ACTION:** Nicole to clarify approval process.
    * Ove noted that the [Membership page](https://dotnetfoundation.org/membership/become-a-member) of the DNF site instructs individuals to contact DNF via email to become a member and displays the membership application form rather low on the page. He suggested editing the page to move the membership form higher and change the language to clearly detail how to apply rather than defaulting to contacting DNF.

* Website Content
    * The DNF website launched it's update in late 2022 and committees are responsible for updating their pages' content. Jessica has reviewed the language and will submit edits for committee review for the next meeting.
        * **ACTION:** Jessica to submit webpage edits for review.


### The meeting adjourned at 3:39PM ET
