# .NET Membership Committee Meeting

### Wednesday, 15 Feburary 2023, 3PM ET 

### Meeting Attendees

* Jessica White, *Chair*
* 

### Updates on previous meetings actions

**Nicole to draft form for application to be a member**

**Jessica to submit webpage edits for review.**
    
* Add member participation types
    * Issue raised https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/wg-membership/issues/101 ✓
    * Page created https://dotnetfoundation.org/membership/participation-types ✓

* Update apply for membership page
    * Issue raised:  https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/wg-membership/issues/100 ✓
    * Copy updated: https://dotnetfoundation.org/membership/become-a-member ✓
    * **ACTION** Need to agree on new form and add link to webpage

**Aneesh/Jessica to ask Outreach about process for updating the Speakers Page**

* 

**Jessica to ask about archiving the old GitHub repo for the .NET Foundation Website**

* Issue Raised https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/wg-membership/issues/97 ✓
* Updates being done by Joe ✓ 
* Repository has been archived 13 Feb ✓

**Aneesh to ask about who can be set up as Discord Admins**

* 

**Nicole to look into 'Welcome' email**

*

## Agenda

Bring up GitHub Projects to check for any agenda items.

### **Review actions from the previous meeting**

- 

### **Review membership submissions**

- 

### **Membership Form Updates**

- 

### **Participation Types Page**

- 

### **Discord**

- 

### **Frequency of meetings**

- Is once every two weeks still ok for everyone or do we want to drop it to once a month?


---

### The meeting adjourned at 3:39PM ET
