# .NET Membership Committee Meeting

### 01 March 2023 8PM GMT / 3PM ET 

### Meeting Attendees

* Jessica White, *Chair*
* Aneesh Ambikavally
* Ove Bastiansen
* Nicole Miller
* Madison Hard, *Scribe*

---

## Updates on previous meetings actions

**Nicole to draft form for application to be a member**

* New form has been published

**Jessica to submit webpage edits for review.**
    
*  Changes have been published

**Jessica to ask Outreach about process for updating the Speakers Page**

* Has been raised to the Board. Out of our hands now.

**Aneesh to ask about who can be set up as Discord Admins**

* Board members now admins

**Nicole to look into 'Welcome' email**

* Nicole has a template she is working on.

---

## Agenda

Bring up GitHub Projects to check for any agenda items.

### **Review actions from the previous meeting**
- ✓

### **Membership Form Updates**

* The new membership form is live, and 14 responses have been received. Nicole expressed concerns as several submissions came in before the form was finalized and will need to be verified. · The committee briefly reviewed the spreadsheet and added columns to notate assignees and status updates. Committee members were assigned applications to review offline and will provide updates at the next meeting.

* **Approval Criteria:** 
    * the committee agreed to approve applications if members are able to confirm engagement and general activity of the applicant.

* **Timeline:** 
    * Review new applications and assign verification responsibilities during each Membership Committee meeting (every two weeks).

* Nicole will distribute an updated spreadsheet with newly received applications prior to/during each Memb.Cmt. meeting.

* **ACTION:** Jessica/Nicole to update the website to indicate the 2-week lead time for approvals.
    * Next Steps: Once approved, Nicole will send the “Welcome” email to new members. This will include instructions on how to join the Discord channel, GitHub repos, links to DNF social and professional accounts and DNF policies.

* **ACTION:** Nicole to update Welcome template with suggested links.

* **ACTION:** Nicole to draft template email for denied applications.


### **Discord:**

* Jessica reported that Eric Schneider (DNF ED) is in contact with Jon Galloway and will help support the efforts to update the Discord admins. Once the Membership Committee has proper access, they will be able to better manage participants and include Discord as a value add to members.

* Aneesh suggested creating a CFP channel on Discord.

### **Nominating Committee**

* Jessica attended the 3/1 Executive Committee (EC) meeting to discuss the structure and timeline of the Nominating Committee. It was agreed to recruit members of the Board to fill committee positions, particularly the outgoing Chair. Jessica also suggested sourcing members from other DNF committees, noting who is most active in the community and understands the needs of the Foundation.

* Javier Lozano, DNF Board Chair, volunteered to chair the Nom.Cmt. for the upcoming election cycle.

* Aneesh had previously suggested updating the candidate application form to shift the focus from coding to leadership experience and the EC agreed.

* **ACTION:**  Javier and Jessica to edit the application form.

* The committee discussed the Board terms to better understand the staggered structure and identify which Board members’ terms are expiring. Aneesh suggested updating the BoD page to include information about the terms (how many terms served, limits, etc).

### **Any Other Business** 

* The DNF Code of Conduct policy is specifically directed to Contributors. The committee discussed whether this should be updated to include all DNF membership/activity types.

* **ACTION:**  Jessica to add suggestion as an agenda item for the March Board meeting.

---

## Action Items

* Jessica/Nicole to update the website to indicate the 2 week lead time for approvals.

* Nicole to update Welcome template with suggested links.

* Nicole to draft template email for denied membership applications.

* Javier and Jessica to edit the BoD candidate application form.

* Jessica to add Code of Conduct update as an agenda item for the March Board meeting.

---

### The meeting adjourned at 3:39PM ET.

