# .NET Membership Committee Meeting

### 05 April 2023 8PM GMT / 3PM ET 

### Meeting Attendees

* Jessica White, *Chair*
* 
* , *Scribe*

---

## Updates on previous meetings actions

**Membership Form Updates**

* **ACTION:** Jessica/Nicole to update the website to indicate the 2-week lead time for approvals.

* **ACTION:** Nicole to update Welcome template with suggested links.

* **ACTION:** Nicole to draft template email for denied applications.

**Nominating Committee**

* **ACTION:** Javier and Jessica to edit the BoD candidate application form.
    * Need to book meeting.

**Any Other Business** 

* **ACTION:** Jessica to add Code of Conduct update as an agenda item for the March Board meeting.
    * Will add to the next board meeting

---

## Agenda

Bring up GitHub Projects to check for any agenda items.

### **Review actions from the previous meeting**
- 

### **Membership Form Updates**

* 

### **Discord:**

* **Issue Raised** [Exclusivity of Discord #108](https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/wg-membership/issues/108)
    * Need to decide how to make certain channels/benefits exclusive to members of the .NET Foundation.

* **Issue Raised** [A CFP (Call for proposal) channel on Discord #106](https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/wg-membership/issues/106)
    *  âœ“ Created 

* **Issue Raised** [Customize discord invite url #104](https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/wg-membership/issues/104)
    *  Need to discuss with the other admins.

### **Nominating Committee**

* Has been raised with the Board and will not be run by the Membership Committee this year

* Javier and Jessica need a meeting to discuss the application form.

### **Any Other Business** 

* 

---

## Action Items

* 

---

### The meeting adjourned at 3:39PM ET.

