# .NET Membership Committee Meeting

### 19 April 2023 8PM GMT / 3PM ET 

### Meeting Attendees

* Jessica White, *Chair*
* Ove Bastiansen
* Nicole Miller
* Madison Hardy, *Scribe*

---

## Updates on previous meetings actions

### Discord
* Nicole to update the membership application to request Discord handles.

✓ Jessica to create member role on discord to set up private channels for .NET Foundation members to access
  
* Jessica to draft the form allowing members to access the private Discord channel.
  * Need to do.

* Aneesh to update his proposal to include a Discord channel for sponsors.

* Jessica to contact the Sponsorship Committee chair (Iris) regarding the Discord channels.
  * Going to raise this at the Board meeting next week 

### Board of Directors Nominations
* Nicole to draft the new BoD candidate application form.

* Javier/Jessica to discuss next steps for the 2023 BoD election.
*   * Going to raise this at the Board meeting next week 

---

## Agenda

Bring up GitHub Projects to check for any agenda items.

### **Review actions from the previous meeting**
- 

### **Membership Form Updates**

* The committee reviewed new membership applications and assigned newly received applications to committee members. The template email for denied applications is still being drafted.

* **3/1/23 Action Item:** Nicole to draft template email for denied membership applications.

### **Discord:**

* Jessica created the DNF Member role in Discord, and the committee can start adding channels for the role type. The form to collect social handles from the members has not yet been drafted. Jessica intends to follow up with the Board regarding administrative access.

### **Nominating Committee**

* Nicole drafted the nomination form and has distributed it for review. She suggested adding a platinum sponsor representative to the Nominating Committee, which would add a benefit to the sponsor level and ensure an active participant on the committee. The Executive Committee will discuss the proposal at an upcoming meeting.

### **Any Other Business** 

*  Jessica noted that the Board of Directors page of the website only includes the Officer’s name, Twitter handle, and headshot. She asked if each of the Officers should draft a short bio to include on the page and will add it to the April Board agenda.

* Jessica asked whether being listed in the speaker directory is a member perk; Nicole noted that the Outreach Committee would best know and agreed it should be a member benefit.

---

## Action Items

*

---

### The meeting adjourned at 3:25PM ET.

