# .NET Membership Committee Meeting

### DD Month Year Time GMT / Time EST

### Meeting Attendees

* Jessica White, *Chair*
* 
* Madison Hardy, *Scribe*

---

## Updates on previous meetings actions

### Board of Directors

* Jessica brought up the suggested changes to add more information to the website about current board members. Each Board member is going to provide a couple of sentences about themselves and we are going to arrange for new videos to be made and published on the site about each board member

* Told the other committees about the .NET Foundation Member role in Discord and how we can set up private channels. Outreach are open to doing work on this with us.

* Nomination Committee is not going to be run by the membership committee this year. Jessica is going to still be heavily involved.

### Membership Form Updates

* Nicole - what to send to denied applications

### Discord

* Jessica needs help doing the form right. For an MVP she's really bad at working with Microsoft products.

---

## Agenda

* Bring up GitHub Projects to check for any agenda items.

### **Membership Form Updates**

*

### **Review actions from the previous meeting**

* 

### **Discord**

* What other channels can we provide that give membership value?

* Do we need to promote the channels once set up and the members have been added to the applicable role?

### **Other Membership Aims**

* What does this group want to focus on / achieve the rest of this year?

### **Any Other Business** 

* 

---

### The meeting adjourned at __:__PM ET.
