# .NET Membership Committee Meeting

### Wednesday, 16 November 2022, 3PM ET / 7PM GMT
### Meeting Attendees

* Jessica White, Chair
* Aneesh Ambikavally
* Nicole Miller
* Madison Hardy, _Scribe_

## Agenda

### Updates on previous meetings actions

* Jessica: Update README with dotnetfoundation email details ✓ 
* Jessica: Propose update to website copy. [PR 86](https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/wg-membership/pull/86) ✓
* Jessica: Organise issues ✓ 

### Discussion points

* **[Membership Committee Charter](https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/wg-membership/issues/87)**
    * Jessica suggested drafting a charter for the committee, detailing expectations, participation and contribution thresholds, and overall guidance to members. There are currently 58 members in GitHub, though this is not represented in committee meetings. Publishing the charter could allow the committee to restrict access to those who do not participate, disabling their rights to edit PRs and Issues. Using the attendee list from meeting minutes, admins could track participation and remove inactive members as needed.

* **[GitHub Teams Tidyup](https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/wg-membership/issues/84)**
    * The committee agreed to audit the member list in GitHub, establish a minimum threshold of participation, and remove inactive members. This action is not final, and anyone interested in remaining active in the GitHub repo will have the option to sign-up again. 

* **[Nomination Committee Future Structure](https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/wg-membership/issues/81)**
    * The committee discussed how the Nominating Committee should be organized and structured moving forward, following feedback from the 2023 elections process. It was suggested that outgoing Board members should participate as they have experience on the Board and could better answer questions from potential candidates regarding roles and responsibilities. The timeline should begin in the spring, allowing more time to operate and conduct outreach as needed.
    * Jessica encouraged committee members to submit suggestions in GitHub.

* **[Board and Committee responsibilities.](https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/wg-membership/issues/75)**
    * This is an ongoing project that will likely require coordination with DNF committee chairs and Board members. It will be important to set goals for 2023 and publicize them for greater transparency in the community.

    * VMX Portal
    * The DNF Board intends to sign the MSA to initiate VMX access. The committee discussed whether the portal will include a chat function as it could drive membership value if there is a forum to communicate. More information to come.

* **VMX Portal**
    * The DNF Board intends to sign the MSA to initiate VMX access. The committee discussed whether the portal will include a chat function as it could drive membership value if there is a forum to communicate. More information to come.

* **[Website copy](https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/wg-membership/pull/86)**
    * The Marketing Committee continues to lead the website transition. Phase 1 was released November 8th, with more pages and content to be released in the coming months. The Membership committee discussed updates to their content. Members are encouraged to submit suggestions in GitHub.

* **Holidays with DNF**
    * There are currently no DNF events or specific outreach plans for the holiday season, though the committee considered whether this could be beneficial. Members are encouraged to submit suggestions!

### Upcoming Meetups Events

* [DNF Summit](https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/wg-outreach/discussions/73#discussion-4525129)
    * The first planning meeting is scheduled for November 17th, and the link to join is available in the discussion thread. Nicole noted that the event needs a host and detailed hosting responsibilities, including introducing speakers and fielding questions from the audience. Jessica suggested contacting Jayme Singleton as she is active within the Virtual User Group and hosts events in the EU. The event is tentatively scheduled for mid-January 2023.
    * **ACTION:** Nicole to connect with Jayme Singleton
    * **ACTION:** Aneesh to start the "Count-down Clock" for the event once the date is finalized.

## Next Steps / Action Items

**Membership Committee Charter**
* Jessica to draft the Membership Committee Charter and distribute to the committee for review.

**GitHub Teams Tidyup**
* Nicole to distribute information about this action in the upcoming newsletter and on messaging platforms.

**Board and Committee responsibilities**
* Jessica to connect with Bill Wagner to resolve.

**DNF Summit**
* Nicole to connect with Jayme Singleton
* Aneesh to start the "Count-down Clock" for the event once the date is finalized.

### The meeting adjourned at 3:27PM EST
