# .NET Membership Committee Meeting

### 07 December 2022 Time 3PM ET / 7PM GMT
### Meeting Attendees

* Jessica White, *Chair*
* Aneesh Ambikavally
* Ove Bastiansen
* Nicole Miller
* Madison Hardy, Scribe

## Agenda

### Updates on previous meetings actions

* **[Membership Committee Charter](https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/wg-membership/issues/87)**
    * Jessica to drafted the Membership Committee Charter and distribute to the committee for review: https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/wg-membership/pull/89 ✓ 

* **[GitHub Teams Tidyup](https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/wg-membership/issues/84)**
    * Deferred until membership charter is published △
    * Nicole to distribute information about this action in the upcoming newsletter and on messaging platforms. △

* **[Board and Committee responsibilities](https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/wg-membership/issues/75)**
    * Tagged Bill. Awaiting response. △

* **DNF Summit**
    * Nicole to connect with Jayme Singleton
    * Aneesh to start the "Count-down Clock" for the event once the date is finalized.

---

### Discussion points

* [Nomination Committee](https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/wg-membership/issues/81)
    * The committee discussed establising a clear timeline for the Nomination Committee. Although it was agreed that the committee should operate throughout the year to maintain momentum into the election cycle, Nicole suggested ramping up their meeting schedule beginning in April/May of each year.
    * The committee discussed who should be involved on the committee, including outgoing Board members and active members of the DNF community. There were concerns that the last committee was out of touch as none of the members regularly attend committee meetings. Nicole asked if it would be a conflict of interest for outgoing members to recruit candidates for the Board. During the last election cycle, the Chair advised against promoting one candidate over another, but the Bylaws do not prohibit an outgoing Director from serving on the committee.
    * The committee discussed whether the Nomination Committee should be a free-stanidng committee, or a subcommittee managed by either the Executive or Membership committees. It was agreed that Nominations should remian a subcommittee and Membership should maintain responsibility.

* [Membership Committee Charter](https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/wg-membership/pull/89/files)
    * Jessica presented the drafted membership charter for the committee's review. The PR will remain on GitHub for another week to allow for final amendments. Jessica will work with Bill Wagner to finalize outstanding items associated with the PR and present the charter at the next Board meeting.
    * Once the charter is official, the membership committee audit can begin. Nicole suggested removing all inactive committee members and adding any interested members back upon request.
    * ACTION: Jessica to merge the PR

* VMX Portal
    * Javier and Eric are reviewing the MSA to initiate VMX access, aiming for a portal release in January.

* [DNF Summit](https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/wg-outreach/discussions/73#discussion-4525129)
    * The next DNF Summit is scheduled for January 17, 2023. Shaun Walker is slated to present and particpate as a host. 8 people have volunteered to present, including representatives from Clifford, .VVM, Reactor, Volosoft, and Wix Toolset. The form to sign up as a presenter will close next week, and Nicole will coordinate a meeting series for planners and presenters.
    * Aneesh will continue to update the webite, including the SEO keywords, content, and the event countdown clock.

---
### Upcoming Meetups Events
* N/A

---
## Next Steps / Action Items

* Jessica to merge [Membership Committee Charter](https://github.com/dotnet-foundation/wg-membership/pull/89/files)

* Jessica to clear up GitHub Teams for Committee

### The meeting adjourned at 3:39PM EST
